Slow down. Slow down.
I have something to say
Why do you ask for mercy?
Get on your knees. That's not true.
I just wanted to let you know.
If you leave now
I can pretend that nothing happened
Xiaofan, don't be funny at this time
Something foolish messed with him
Although you have some skills
But you think
Beat up a few of my subordinates
Can you fight me?
Tell me.
You don't have the strength to beat people, and you say you are an expert?
That's not possible.
I'll help you see what a master is
Hello, you can't wake him up either.
Now it's your turn.
Don't come here.
Should I cooperate with you now?
Say it, even if you call it a broken throat
No one will come to your rescue
Don't worry, I won't kill you yet.
Now.
What kind of two goods and two less goods?
It must be an attack
I hope you don't disgust Sister Yue